listen so galaxy's edge is this 14 acres
Star Wars land at Disney theme parks
lucasfilm's recently released an
official timeline of the Star Wars saga
indicating that rise of the resistance
to ride and the entire park in general
is an official part of the Canon so if
you want to get the whole story ya have
to experience it they even released a 5
issue comic miniseries for the land
three full novels a 2-hour TV special
and at the main actors from the movies
film for it we reached out to them
through Lucasfilm while they were doing
the productions of Episode 8 & 9 I first
heard about Star Wars Galaxies edge
through conversation and Daisy was
having about the park because we were
about to film for the ride so it was
giving us a little debrief on the
timeline because we were actually
filming the shots for the ride while we
were filming rise of Skywalker so we've
done it kind of at the same time hell
they even had the one true hero of all
of Star Wars comeback John Williams man
even got a Grammy nomination for the
original score he made for a theme park
if you're a star Wars fan then this is
like your Wizarding World which are
going to absolutely love especially with
all the insane details that went into it
but considering phii's recent comments
about having to watch the dozen Marvel
TV shows in order to keep up with the
movies now and this Star Wars
timeline has been rethinking what
Scorsese said about theme park movies
let me explain so right off the bat I
want to talk about the main attraction
that we were able to ride opening
weekend called rise of the resistance it
was pitched as a ride where there's
absolutely no line you know other than
the three-hour one you have to wake up
four F 4 a.m. 4 this was pitched as
being something so over-the-top so
immersive so game-changing that you have
to get a boarding pass to even ride it
and those were running out at 7 a.m. the
park didn't open till 8:30 the day we
went it felt like just an extension of
the film and an extension of the story
because we were on set and I was in the
x-wing already and we were shooting
scenes it just felt like a continuation
of
saga and I'll say this it's dope it's
like being in a cutscene from one of the
movies since every cast member is acting
their hearts out like they're being
scouted for episode 10 in the beginning
you get to walk through all these caves
that were actually inspired by old
concept art and we found this wonderful
reference in part of our research this
Petrified Forest in Arizona these giant
spires and we thought okay well how
about if we took that idea and just
magnify by a thousand and we start to
stitch these together and through that
process we created our own look at our
own form but at the same time when you
look at you go
wow that's Star Wars the DNA is there
the entire production value of this
thing is above and beyond with I don't
even know how many Easter eggs but I
can't stress enough how going on this
thing and really just the whole land in
general with a Star Wars fan completely
changes your experience there's a bit
where the resistance hustles you onto a
transport ship and the group we were
with actually hustled they legit thought
we were being chased by the first order
so when we got arrested I didn't know
whether to be in awe of being in an
actual Star Wars set or feeling like I'm
in a space concentration camp
yeah wait there he would be interrogated
are we
I love the attention to detail and how
many character every crew member was
even the robotic stormtroopers were
given little reveries that made them
feel present and right before I thought
I was going to be frozen in carbonite
our hero saved the day legit I was up
since 4:00 a.m. like I said so seeing a
wall fall apart at 7:00 a.m. I thought I
was losing my mind
crazy thing is is that this is actually
when the ride begins they got you facing
stormtroopers kylo tries to grab you
with the forest and sticks you with his
saber they have a Wilhelm scream there's
a drop in the ride that's similar to the
one in Pirates of the Caribbean but
these two bits right here would have
been my favorite since it was crazy
seeing them to skill but I'll be honest
I think I like smugglers run a bit more
look I'm not denying all impressive
resistances but if we're talking about
being in a cutscene or being able to
ride the Millennium Falcon I'm going
with the most iconic spaceship of all
time again there's an entire backstory
that they've added for the park for why
the Falcon is there in about two and
lore why's it actually it fits pretty
perfectly and it's kind of crazy to
think that more attention went into the
continuity of the theme parks and it
seems the movies because you
[Music]
laya knew it too but through the
Millennium Falcon porks were able to you
know hide in there and that's how they
made it to this planet to this land they
got onaka from Clone Wars repairing
things so you get a beautiful gorgeous
overhead view of the Falcon if you have
your Magic Band which I don't know how
much you guys know about these but they
may be the new mark of the beast like I
think it has your blood type in there
it'll inform people at the cantina of
your scores if you're a good smuggler on
the game notoriously bad for crashy like
they'll bring all of your scores up to
you which is kind of cool kind of scary
but the more you invest into this world
the more gives back at the end of the
experience guests are paid gosh two
credits for their participation in the
smuggling room but it's totally
dependent on how well you do so if you
have a really clean run and you do
really well you're in a ton of galactic
credits and for those guests playing the
play Disney Parks experience those
galactic credits ever get added to their
account or subtracted if you caused
enough damage to the ship but as you
know I got places to be I just think
it's a much cooler experience being
inside the Millennium Falcon especially
with how detailed they made it again
don't get me wrong I love the cast
members and Rises the resistance and now
into the roles they got and if y'all
would addressed a dude or dudette as
kylo to chase us that would be an
automatic 10 every single time but
personally I'll take the three different
experiences in smugglers and the two
routes in resistance yeah the role of
engineer may just be pressing buttons
but I don't mind chilling like baby Yoda
for a bit again being a shooter is cool
especially if your record gets recorded
and obviously being a pilot is on a
whole nother level because of the
perspective that you get being in the
front that said if you got kids man in
the entire ride you probably just wasted
60 minutes for no reason
[Music]
I walked in here and I didn't know who
was a cast member and who was a customer
they got Rex from Star Tours out here as
a DJ and I believe is still voiced by
pee-wee Herman himself when I got ID'd
for drinks at 8 o'clock in the morning I
got called a Wookiee I got this fuzzy
drink which again being up since 4:00
a.m. stacking made me think I was slowly
losing my motor functions but my tongue
and lips started numbing like like I got
slipped a galactic roofie and it turns
out that that's actually what the fuzz
is supposed to do on top of the drink so
while it scared the crap out of me I
highly recommend bringing your nearest
and dearest friends and watching them
flip out you think with how packed the
place was that they rush you out but
instead they saw a leading recording
with a GoPro and they encouraged us to
walk around and get a feel for the whole
place which yeah I really appreciated
that they gave us all these cool
collectables that were also marked as
first edition so I'm appreciative that
my kids can now go to college and I got
to try the blue milk that even came with
a cookie never really mess with the
cookie but the blue milk the blue milk
was I it grew on me a bit but I really
missed out I'm not trying to green milk
overall I think as these parts continue
to get that like DLC added to them as
they continue to expand we're gonna see
a lot of big competition going down in
Orlando between Disney and Universal
who's creating that third Nintendo Park
like they're gonna have a real Pokemon
go it's over but even within Disney I
think the addition of Toy Story land and
galaxy's edge have turned Hollywood
studios in Florida as a whole-day park
as opposed to what it was before so from
a theme park review incredible if you're
a star Wars fan who started watching 40
plus years ago and you now get to ride
the freakin Millennium Falcon this has
to be one of the best vacations of all
time for you in terms of this timeline
and from the movies perspective from a
story perspective I appreciate all the
things that they're able to add to the
lore it def makes you feel like you're a
character in Star Wars but I wouldn't
say it's necessary you know I'm
definitely not a fan of making something
outside of the movies imperative to not
watch but spend your money on especially
considering that my tickets were a
hundred and twenty dollars a piece for
the one park that doesn't include the
$200 light sabers obviously the bill
Detroit shop is honestly incredible but
that would be more money Bluegreen
regular milk it's never been free and
with the Star Wars Hotel ship thinking
that they're building I kind of have a
bad feeling about them blocking out the
park considering how its laid out in
Hollywood studios and there may be
blackout days where the only way that
it's accessible is if you're staying at
the super expensive hotel that's
connected not to mention all the
families who arrived in our early to the
park and didn't even get to ride the
main ride so just to be clear I'm not
for this DLC ea gains way of thinking
that in order to get the full story you
have to come to a theme park or buy
extra stuff I don't really like the way
it seems that Marvel is going but that's
why I love YouTube and there are dozens
of people I follow here when it comes to
something as massive as Disney who keep
you up-to-date who tell you how to
maximize your vacation to the best you
know they they put you in on the no and
I do think it's worth visiting but I'm
glad that the internet gives people a
peek who may not be able to have the
opportunity to go just like I try to do
with movies because I know that when you
take your family to a movie theater and
you even try to stop at the concessions
that may come out just as expensive as a
Disney trip overall it's a living
breathing land
that changes it's a functioning town
then obviously employs the cast members
but as I just mentioned people making a
living just covering the changes within
these parts people legit are treating it
like a mini West world where they got
their annual pass and they're coming
back to update those scores that I was
telling you about
they're revisiting without vengeance and
they give you a lot to do it's super
immersive get lost in the marketplace
and for a second for one second you may
forget you're in a Disney park since it
takes place during the age of the
resistance they have Ray out there
trying to recruit your kids in the
middle of it all Kyle is out there
trying to kiss ray it's very immersive
and it has all of these little cool
details from footprints in the ground to
an app that lets you hack into the
Millennium Falcon and actually sets
things off like the Harry Potter wants
do it universal so considering how
interactive everything is it really does
matter who you go with and after getting
to go on both of these rides it's safe
to say that the new best right at Disney
all the sky liners like honestly the
gondolas are free thank you guys for
watching this video and I'm here to know
your thoughts down below in the comments
section big shout out to chase some of
you may have seen him on the intercut
podcast and he's helped editor over here
he is a photographer over at Disney or
boy so if you ever see him in Disney
World go say hi to him I'm sure he's
gonna love it but it also a big shout
out to shavonda and se who I've given
them a shout out before they've they're
great friends of the channel and they're
also always helping us and overseeing us
whenever we're at Disney so I really
appreciate their help as well and
honestly if you have a chance to go I
think the rule that they've been saying
is that there's there's still a lot of
fixes going on in 2020 and I'm a big
theme park guy I may create a whole
channel just to do theme park reviews
because that man I grew up with Dean
parks but I think in 2021 they're gonna
have so much of the stuff like not just
a Star Wars thing but it'll be like the
first year of everyone packing to go to
Star Wars they're also gonna have the
ratatouille Rider kind of like the Tron
ride there's gonna be so many other
things that are coming out so including
the universal stuff of having the
Nintendo World mandus it's gonna be
crazy this could be a lot of stuff that
better that's gonna be happening and I'm
a hope
I'm really hoping that the competition
helps like adjust the prices so that
it's not as expensive as it should be at
least I hope but it's just interesting
like I was saying how all of the
attention that goes into the Dean part I
really appreciate it I think it's really
cool look at this picture right here
they were talking about how they're
going to even be updating stuff I mean
when someone says have patience maybe
they don't know what's gonna happen when
it comes to like some of the differences
that the movies are gonna bring but I
think it's interesting it's intriguing
because no matter how you feel about
Star Wars I like that they've kept like
the core essence you know again no
matter how do you feel about Star Wars I
think we all agree johnny-boy has been
the best part so it's dope to see him
get nominated for a Grammy with the work
he's still doing but I'm curious to know
your thoughts if you've been to the park
let me know any of the interesting
things that I may have missed that you
think people should check out if there's
any differences between the one in
California and the one in Orlando I've
only been to the one in Orlando but I'm
curious to see if there's anything that
one Park has that the other one doesn't
really anything dealing with being parts
Disney all that other stuff but until
next time don't forget to come and like
and subscribe and I'll send you some
blue milk